In the last lecture we created the basic to do application which allows us to add new elements.
This is great but I also want to be able to remove them.
So what I need to do is I need to add an event listener to the list item that when we click it we remove
it basically.
So what I'll do here where it created to do list item all gathered here and add an event listener as
we already did before.
I want to listen to the click event.
So on this newly created list item and then I want to execute a function which I'll add here at the
bottom which I'll name removed to do.
Just like that and it will pass a reference to the function you're asked the second argument to my leave
and listener remove to do now and remove to do I of course need to find out which element be clicked
on.
So here I will simply get the event object.
You always get this by default passed by javascript.
If we use event listener and there I can retrieve the list item we clicked on.
So I'll create a new variable name it collect I.
And that simply is my event.
Target Target is a property we have on this event object by default.
Again if that's new to you have a look at some tutorials focusing on Chalion trip to learn all these
things about Dom access events and so on.
So this is the element we clicked on.
We now want to remove it and to remove it.
I actually have to reach out to the parent node off the list item because on that note we can then call
remove child and removed and remove the clicked.
I like this.
Now if I control enter open the console to see if we get any errors if I get buy milk and then if I
also add answer questions maybe and I click on remove and by Molik it is removed.
And here too.
So dad is working but I'm still not 100 percent happy.
We can improve this app a bit more.